Update starship documentation (#3629)
astronomer/docs: docs-partials/starship-usage.mdx

4. Open the Airflow UI for your source Airflow environment, then go to **Astronomer** > **Migration Tool 🚀**.

    ![Location of the Astro migration menu in the Astro UI](/img/docs/migration-menu.png)

5. Ensure that the **Astronomer Product** toggle is set to **Astro**.
6. In the **Airflow URL** section, fill in the fields so that the complete URL on the page matches the URL of the Airflow UI for the Deployment you're migrating to. 
7. Specify your API token in the **Token** field. Starship will confirm that it has access to your Deployment. 
8. Click **Connections**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each connection that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
8. Click **Pools**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each connection that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.

> 9. Click **Variables**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each variable that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
> 10. Click **Variables**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each variable that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click **Variables**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each variable that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
```
ty @astro-ben ! He gave a quick proof

> 8. Click **Pools**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each connection that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
> 9. Click **Variables**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each variable that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
> 10. Click **Variables**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each variable that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
> 11. Click **Environment variables**. In the table that appears, check the box for each environment variable that you want to migrate to Astro, then click **Migrate**. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
> 11. Click **DAG History**. In the table that appears, check the box for each environment variable that you want to migrate to Astro, then click **Migrate**. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Click **Pools**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each connection that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
10. Click **Variables**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each variable that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
11. Click **Variables**. In the table that appears, click **Migrate** for each variable that you want to migrate to Astro. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
12. Click **Environment variables**. In the table that appears, check the box for each environment variable that you want to migrate to Astro, then click **Migrate**. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
13. Click **DAG History**. In the table that appears, check the box for each environment variable that you want to migrate to Astro, then click **Migrate**. After the migration is complete, the status **Migrated ✅** appears.
```

It's building even with the wrong numbering, but to make updates in future easier. I think this is right?
